SFR SEFOR model refs #<690> (#719)
idaholab/virtual_test_bed: doc/content/sfr/sefor/Mesh/IE_mesh.md

         block=std_fuel_pin
         id=fuel_pin
         caption=MOOSE Reactor Module input for modeling a single fuel pin.

[central_pin] shows that the `HexagonConcentricCircleAdaptiveBoundaryMeshGenerator` was used for the central tightener pin and its surrounding duct, which provides adaptive boundary meshing optimized for hexagonal structures. 

!listing sfr/sefor/Mesh/Mesh_Core-I-E_3D_450K.i
         block=std_central_pin_w_duct
         id=central_pin
         caption=MOOSE Reactor Module input for modeling the central rod and its tightener.

Following this, the fuel assemblies, including their ducts and assembly gaps, were defined using the `FlexiblePatternGenerator` mesh generator as illustrated in [SA], which supports different assembly types. The generated mesh of the different types of fuel assemblies is shown in [Mesh_model_FA] .

!listing sfr/sefor/Mesh/Mesh_Core-I-E_3D_450K.i
         start=std_assm
         end=gp2_fuel_pin
         id=SA
         caption=MOOSE Reactor Module input for modeling a standard fuel assembly.

!media media/sefor/Core_IE_Mesh_FA.png
      style=display: block;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:60%;
      id=Mesh_model_FA

>       caption= Mesh model of SEFOR Core I-E fuel assemblies: (a) Standard Assembly (SA), (b) SA with a GP rod and a B<sub>4<sub>C rod, (c) SA with 2 GP rods, and (d) AFA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      caption= Mesh model of SEFOR Core I-E fuel assemblies: (a) Standard Assembly (SA), (b) SA with a GP rod and a B<\sub>4<sub>C rod, (c) SA with 2 GP rods, and (d) AFA
```
I think?

!listing sfr/sefor/Mesh/Mesh_Core-I-E_3D_450K.i
         start=del_dummy
         end=core_3d
         id=outer_boundary
         caption=MOOSE Reactor Module input for modeling radial layers outside the fuel lattice.

!media media/sefor/Core_IE_mesh_model.png
      style=display: block;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:60%;
      id=Mesh_model_2D
      caption= Mesh model of SEFOR Core I-E with (a) X-Y view (b) X-Z view

To expand this into a complete 3-D reactor geometry, the `AdvancedExtruderGenerator` mesh generator was employed as shown in [Mesh_model_3D], which allowed flexible axial extrusion of the existing 2-D mesh into the full axial height. This mesh generator also offers functionality to interchange or redefine axial regions, to enable accurate representation of complex axial geometry variations in the SEFOR reactor core . The 3-D axial core mesh depicted Core I-E in [Mesh_model_2D] (b). 

!listing sfr/sefor/Mesh/Mesh_Core-I-E_3D_450K.i
         block=core_3d
         id=Mesh_model_3D

>          caption=MOOSE Reactor Module input for generating 3-D mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         caption=MOOSE Reactor Module input for extruding the 2D radial core into a 3D mesh, assigning axial segments as needed.
```
